How did you plan the rescue?
As long as the second uncle has a way
Be sure to help
To tell the truth, uncle
Lin's Group is indeed stepping on big things in Jiangcheng
But see help
Everything still needs the help of the second uncle
Come, come, invite His Holiness up
Xinyan, you called me
Let me introduce you
This is the young master of the Ling Group
Lin Siyan, this is the leader of the watch army
King Jinlun
It's the following.
Master Lin's Lover
At Alfie's
I Need You
Bring me back unharmed
Ah Fei from this park
That's right, that's him.
Don't worry young
There is no problem with this.
More than that
Luna's hardships
I will pay them back twice as much
Fourth Young Master Ah Fei has personally gone to the hotel to pick you up
Damn
I'm just coming later
Fei Shao is not happy
Ling Shao didn't come for so long, I thought you weren't coming
I was just about to take this off
How about I get more chips tonight?
Okay, Ling Shao is still cheerful, please
Let's play together.